Update functions-infrastructure-as-code.md (#87303)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-infrastructure-as-code.md

For more information about creating templates, see [Authoring Azure Resource Manager templates](../azure-resource-manager/templates/syntax.md).

For sample templates, see:

> - [ARM Templates for Function App Deployment](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/function-app-arm-templates)

Reviewer: The proper branding for an instance is _function app_, and Azure uses _Sentence case_ and not _Title Case_. 
```suggestion
- [ARM templates for function app deployment](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/function-app-arm-templates)
```
Full guidance is [here](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2696&topicid=40746).

A Consumption plan doesn't need to be defined. One will automatically be created or selected on a per-region basis when you create the function app resource itself.

> The Consumption plan is a special type of "serverfarm" resource. You can specify it by using the `Dynamic` value for the `computeMode` and `sku` properties as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Consumption plan is a special type of `serverfarm` resource. You can specify it by using the `Dynamic` value for the `computeMode` and `sku` properties, as follows:
```

# [Windows](#tab/Windows)

```json
{
  "type": "Microsoft.Web/serverfarms",
  "apiVersion": "2021-02-01",
  "name": "[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
  "location": "[parameters('location')]",
  "sku": {
    "name": "Y1",
    "tier": "Dynamic",
    "size": "Y1",
    "family": "Y",
    "capacity":0
  },
  "properties": {
    "name":"[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
    "computeMode": "Dynamic"
  }
}
```

# [Linux](#tab/Linux)

> To run your app on Linux, you must also set property `"reserved": true` for the serverfarms resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run your app on Linux, you must also set the property `"reserved": true` for the `serverfarms` resource:
```

```json
{
  "type": "Microsoft.Web/serverfarms",
  "apiVersion": "2021-02-01",
  "name": "[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
  "location": "[parameters('location')]",
  "sku": {
    "name": "Y1",
    "tier": "Dynamic",
    "size": "Y1",
    "family": "Y",
    "capacity":0
  },
  "properties": {
    "name":"[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
    "computeMode": "Dynamic",
    "reserved": true
  }
}
```
---

### Create a function app

> If you do explicitly define your Consumption plan, you will need to set the `serverFarmId` property on the app so that it points to the resource ID of the plan. You should ensure that the function app has a `dependsOn` setting for the plan as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you define your Consumption plan, you must set the `serverFarmId` property on the app so that it points to the resource ID of the plan. Make sure that the function app has a `dependsOn` setting that also references the plan.
```

The settings required by a function app running in Consumption plan differ between Windows and Linux.

# [Windows](#tab/Windows)

> On Windows, a Consumption plan requires another settings in the site configuration: [`WEBSITE_CONTENTAZUREFILECONNECTIONSTRING`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentazurefileconnectionstring) and [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare). This property configures the storage account where the function app code and configuration are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, a Consumption plan requires another two other settings in the site configuration: [`WEBSITE_CONTENTAZUREFILECONNECTIONSTRING`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentazurefileconnectionstring) and [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare). This property configures the storage account where the function app code and configuration are stored.
```

        },
        {
          "name": "AzureWebJobsStorage",
          "value": "[concat('DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=', variables('storageAccountName'), ';EndpointSuffix=', environment().suffixes.storage, ';AccountKey=',listKeys(resourceId('Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', variables('storageAccountName')), '2019-06-01').keys[0].value)]"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_CONTENTAZUREFILECONNECTIONSTRING",
          "value": "[concat('DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=', variables('storageAccountName'), ';EndpointSuffix=', environment().suffixes.storage, ';AccountKey=',listKeys(resourceId('Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', variables('storageAccountName')), '2019-06-01').keys[0].value)]"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE",
          "value": "[toLower(parameters('functionAppName'))]"
        },
        {
          "name": "FUNCTIONS_EXTENSION_VERSION",
          "value": "~4"
        },
        {
          "name": "FUNCTIONS_WORKER_RUNTIME",
          "value": "node"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_NODE_DEFAULT_VERSION",
          "value": "~14"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Do not need to set the [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare) setting in a deployment slot. This setting is generated for you when the app is created in the deployment slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You don't need to set the [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare) setting in a deployment slot. This setting is generated for you when the app is created in the deployment slot.
```

# [Linux](#tab/Linux)

> The function app must have set `"kind": "functionapp,linux"`, and it must have set property `"reserved": true`. Linux apps should also include a `linuxFxVersion` property under siteConfig. If you are just deploying code, the value for this is determined by your desired runtime stack in the format of runtime|runtimeVersion. For example: `python|3.7`, `node|14` and `dotnet|3.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function app must have set `"kind": "functionapp,linux"`, and it must have set property `"reserved": true`. Linux apps should also include a `linuxFxVersion` property under `siteConfig`. If you're just deploying code, the value for this is determined by your desired runtime stack in the format of `<runTime>|<runtimeVersion>`. For example: `python|3.7`, `node|14`, or `dotnet|3.1`.
```

### Create a Premium plan

> A Premium plan is a special type of "serverfarm" resource. You can specify it by using either `EP1`, `EP2`, or `EP3` for the `Name` property value in the `sku` as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Premium plan is a special type of "serverfarm" resource. You can specify it by using a value of `EP1`, `EP2`, or `EP3` for the `Name` property in the `sku` as in the following example:
```

# [Windows](#tab/Windows)

```json
{
  "type": "Microsoft.Web/serverfarms",
  "apiVersion": "2021-02-01",
  "name": "[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
  "location": "[parameters('location')]",
  "sku": {
    "tier": "ElasticPremium",
    "name": "EP1",
    "family": "EP"
  },
  "properties": {
    "name": "[parameters('hostingPlanName')]",
    "maximumElasticWorkerCount": 20
  },
  "kind": "elastic"
}
```

# [Linux](#tab/Linux)

To run your app on Linux, you must also set property `"reserved": true` for the serverfarms resource:

```json
{
  "type": "Microsoft.Web/serverfarms",
  "apiVersion": "2021-02-01",
  "name": "[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
  "location": "[parameters('location')]",
  "sku": {
    "tier": "ElasticPremium",
    "name": "EP1",
    "family": "EP"
  },
  "properties": {
    "name": "[parameters('hostingPlanName')]",
    "maximumElasticWorkerCount": 20,
    "reserved": true
  },
  "kind": "elastic"
}
```
---

### Create a function app

> For function app on a Premium plan, you will need to set the `serverFarmId` property on the app so that it points to the resource ID of the plan. You should ensure that the function app has a `dependsOn` setting for the plan as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a function app on a Premium plan, you must set the `serverFarmId` property on the app so that it points to the resource ID of the plan. Make sure that the function app has a `dependsOn` setting that also references the plan.
```

> A Premium plan requires another settings in the site configuration: [`WEBSITE_CONTENTAZUREFILECONNECTIONSTRING`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentazurefileconnectionstring) and [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare). This property configures the storage account where the function app code and configuration are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Premium plan requires another settings in the site configuration: [`WEBSITE_CONTENTAZUREFILECONNECTIONSTRING`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentazurefileconnectionstring) and [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare). This property configures the storage account where the function app code and configuration are stored, which are used for dynamic scale.
```

        },
        {
          "name": "AzureWebJobsStorage",
          "value": "[concat('DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=', variables('storageAccountName'), ';EndpointSuffix=', environment().suffixes.storage, ';AccountKey=',listKeys(resourceId('Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', variables('storageAccountName')), '2019-06-01').keys[0].value)]"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_CONTENTAZUREFILECONNECTIONSTRING",
          "value": "[concat('DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=', variables('storageAccountName'), ';EndpointSuffix=', environment().suffixes.storage, ';AccountKey=',listKeys(resourceId('Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', variables('storageAccountName')), '2019-06-01').keys[0].value)]"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE",
          "value": "[toLower(parameters('functionAppName'))]"
        },
        {
          "name": "FUNCTIONS_EXTENSION_VERSION",
          "value": "~4"
        },
        {
          "name": "FUNCTIONS_WORKER_RUNTIME",
          "value": "node"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_NODE_DEFAULT_VERSION",
          "value": "~14"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Do not need to set the [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare) setting as it's generated for you when the site is first created.

Reviewer: Actually, contractions are recommended by our voice standards 😮  
```suggestion
> You don't need to set the [`WEBSITE_CONTENTSHARE`](functions-app-settings.md#website_contentshare) setting because it's generated for you when the site is first created.
```

### Create an App Service plan

> An App Service plan is defined by a "serverfarm" resource. You can specify the SKU as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An App Service plan is defined by a "serverfarm" resource. You can specify the SKU as follows:
```

# [Windows](#tab/Windows)

```json
{
  "type": "Microsoft.Web/serverfarms",
  "apiVersion": "2021-02-01",
  "name": "[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
  "location": "[parameters('location')]",
  "sku": {
    "tier": "Standard",
    "name": "S1",
    "size": "S1",
    "family": "S",
    "capacity": 1
  }
}
```

# [Linux](#tab/Linux)

To run your app on Linux, you must also set property `"reserved": true` for the serverfarms resource:

```json
{
  "type": "Microsoft.Web/serverfarms",
  "apiVersion": "2021-02-01",
  "name": "[variables('hostingPlanName')]",
  "location": "[parameters('location')]",
  "sku": {
    "tier": "Standard",
    "name": "S1",
    "size": "S1",
    "family": "S",
    "capacity": 1
  },
  "properties": {
    "reserved": true
  }
}
```

### Create a function app

> For function app on a Dedicated plan, you will need to set the `serverFarmId` property on the app so that it points to the resource ID of the plan. You should ensure that the function app has a `dependsOn` setting for the plan as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For function app on a Dedicated plan, you must set the `serverFarmId` property on the app so that it points to the resource ID of the plan. Make sure that the function app has a `dependsOn` setting that also references the plan.
```

    "[resourceId('Microsoft.Insights/components', variables('applicationInsightsName'))]"
  ],
  "properties": {
    "serverFarmId": "[resourceId('Microsoft.Web/serverfarms', variables('hostingPlanName'))]",
    "siteConfig": {
      "alwaysOn": true,
      "appSettings": [
        {
          "name": "APPINSIGHTS_INSTRUMENTATIONKEY",
          "value": "[reference(resourceId('microsoft.insights/components', variables('applicationInsightsName')), '2015-05-01').InstrumentationKey]"
        },
        {
          "name": "AzureWebJobsStorage",
          "value": "[concat('DefaultEndpointsProtocol=https;AccountName=', variables('storageAccountName'), ';EndpointSuffix=', environment().suffixes.storage, ';AccountKey=',listKeys(resourceId('Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts', variables('storageAccountName')), '2019-06-01').keys[0].value)]"
        },
        {
          "name": "FUNCTIONS_EXTENSION_VERSION",
          "value": "~4"
        },
        {
          "name": "FUNCTIONS_WORKER_RUNTIME",
          "value": "node"
        },
        {
          "name": "WEBSITE_NODE_DEFAULT_VERSION",
          "value": "~14"
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

# [Linux](#tab/Linux)

> The function app must have set `"kind": "functionapp,linux"`, and it must have set property `"reserved": true`. Linux apps should also include a `linuxFxVersion` property under siteConfig. If you are just deploying code, the value for this is determined by your desired runtime stack in the format of runtime|runtimeVersion. For example: `python|3.7`, `node|14` and `dotnet|3.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function app must have set `"kind": "functionapp,linux"`, and it must have set property `"reserved": true`. Linux apps should also include a `linuxFxVersion` property under siteConfig. If you are just deploying code, the value for this is determined by your desired runtime stack in the format of runtime|runtimeVersion. Examples of `linuxFxVersion` property include:  `python|3.7`, `node|14` and `dotnet|3.1`.
```
